Answer to FAQs (#257)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

Wasabi will implement the [Dandelion](https://github.com/gfanti/bips/blob/master/bip-dandelion.mediawiki) protocol for transaction broadcasting when the Bitcoin network adopts it.
:::

:::details
### What is the cluster history?

Clusters are a property of a Bitcoin wallet with strong coin-control and good labeling.
When you use Wasabi, you must label every coin that you receive.
The reason why this is important, is that your "wallet" is really just a collection of coins (similar to a physical wallet, not to a bank account).
When you receive coins from somewhere to a labelled address, Wasabi will store the label locally on your device, for example:

`----> 0.65 BTC (From my Boss Bob)`

Now if you receive money from another person who uses an exchange, then your label would look like this:

> `----> 2.1 BTC (The person's name, Coinbase)`

Reviewer: This is also wrong. Coinbase doesn't know you only the person who send you the bitcoin.
```suggestion
`----> 2.1 BTC (The person's name)`
```

Now here is where things can be a bit tricky for folks unfamiliar with Bitcoin.
Suppose you wanted to send all of your coins to a hardware wallet.
So you think to yourself "What's the harm in sending my money to one address?"

This is how the transaction will look like:

```
0.65 BTC (From my Boss Bob) -----> 2.75 BTC (From my Boss Bob & Coinbase)
2.1 BTC (The person's name, Coinbase)
```

The problem with this transaction, is your boss knows you, and knows that the 0.65 BTC is in your possession, and can monitor your transaction behavior.

> Coinbase also knows you, and can do the same thing.

Reviewer 2: But in this example Conbase does not knowthe user, rather the "other person" who has bought on Conbase...

Reviewer: yes this is wrong.

But when you combine (consolidate) your coins in this way, you reveal to your boss that you also have 2.1 BTC from somewhere else, and you reveal to Coinbase that you have 0.65 bitcoin from somewhere else.

> When you mix coins with Wasabi, you actually de-link the trail from your boss/Coinbase, to the coins in your wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you CoinJoin (mix) coins with Wasabi, you actually de-link the trail from your boss/Coinbase, to the coins in your wallet.
```

This is represented to you in two ways:
1. The coins will have an anonymity set >1, and typically will have a green shield.

> 2. The coin will say "ZeroLink mixed coin".

Reviewer: I am not sure about this. https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pull/2205#issuecomment-533122260
@nopara73 ?

Reviewer 3: Instead of "delink," "sharing the link" would be more precise.

Reviewer: I was asking about this `2. The coin will say "ZeroLink mixed coin".` is that correct?

Reviewer 3: Aah, indeed. No, it doesn't say that anymore. There are no automatic zerolink labels anymore. They were annoying and the anonset is just sufficient feedback.

> This coin you can spend without having to worry about your boss or Coinbase being able to track your behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This coin can now be spent without having to worry about your boss or Coinbase tracking your behavior.
```

However, when you mix a coin, there is often change.

> This change is marked in a red 'x' and has an anonymity set ==1 (with a couple of small exceptions regarding remixing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change is marked in a red 'x' and has an anonymity set = 1 (with a couple of small exceptions regarding remixing).
```

> The change is completely linked to your coins before the mix, and so needs to be dealt with properly.

Reviewer: hmm I think the change is linked to the pre-mix. Why do you say it is not @MaxHillebrand ?

> The change is completely linked to your coins from before the mix, and so need to be dealt with properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The change is completely linked to your coins before the mix, and so needs to be dealt with properly.
```

> If you combine the tiny bit of change you received from your boss and from Coinbase, they might still know how much money you have (but now know where you are spending it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you combine the tiny bit of change you received from your boss and from Coinbase, they still know how much money you had (but not where you are spending it).
```

So the idea around clusters is to make it easier for users to follow the transaction graph.
The transaction graph is the history of where a coin has been, and is important if different histories need to be separated.

> For example, if you buy coins anonymously in a P2P way, you should try to avoid mixing those coins with coins you got in a public way (donation, coinbase, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you buy coins anonymously in a P2P way, you should try to avoid mixing those coins with coins you got in a public way (donation, Coinbase, etc.).
```

Wasabi will implement the [Dandelion](https://github.com/gfanti/bips/blob/master/bip-dandelion.mediawiki) protocol for transaction broadcasting when the Bitcoin network adopts it.
:::

:::details
### What is the cluster history?

Clusters are a property of a Bitcoin wallet with strong coin-control and good labeling.
When you use Wasabi, you must label every coin that you receive.

> The reason why this is important, is that your "wallet" is really just a collection of coins (similar to a physical wallet, but not to your online bank account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason why this is important, is that your "wallet" is really just a collection of coins (similar to a physical wallet, not to a bank account).
```

> When you receive coins from somewhere that you have labelled with a fresh address, Wasabi will store the label locally on your device, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you receive coins from somewhere to a labelled address, Wasabi will store the label locally on your device, for example:
```

`----> 0.65 BTC (From my Boss Bob)`

Now if you receive money from another person who uses an exchange, then your label would look like this:

> `----> 2.1 BTC (From Coinbase)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`----> 2.1 BTC (The person's name, Coinbase)`
```

> Now if you receive money from another person, for example, let's say you received money from an exchange that, your label would look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now if you receive money from another person who uses an exchange, then your label would look like this:
```

Now here is where things can be a bit tricky for folks unfamiliar with Bitcoin.
Suppose you wanted to send all of your coins to a hardware wallet.
So you think to yourself "What's the harm in sending my money to one address?"

This is how the transaction will look like:

```

> 0.65 BTC (From my Boss Bob) -----> 2.75 BTC (From my Boss Bob & Coinbase)

Reviewer: This should be changed to fit the previous change.

> 2.1 BTC (From Coinbase)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.1 BTC (The person's name, Coinbase)
```

```

The problem with this transaction, is your boss knows you, and knows that the 0.65 BTC is in your possession, and can monitor your transaction behavior.
Coinbase also knows you, and can do the same thing.

> But when you combine (or consolidate) your coins in this way, you reveal to your boss that you also have 2.1 BTC from somewhere else, and you reveal to Coinbase that you have 0.65 Bitcoin from somewhere else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But when you combine (consolidate) your coins in this way, you reveal to your boss that you also have 2.1 BTC from somewhere else, and you reveal to Coinbase that you have 0.65 bitcoin from somewhere else.
```

> Now your Boss knows how much money you have in total, and Coinbase knows that you are getting paid in Bitcoin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I would remove this line because your boss knows you have more but not the total amount, and Coinbase doesn't know that you are paid in bitcoin, they simply know you have more bitcoin.

When you mix coins with Wasabi, you actually de-link the trail from your boss/Coinbase, to the coins in your wallet.
This is represented to you in two ways:

> 1. The coins will have an anonymity set >1, and typically will have a green shield.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The coin will have an anonymity set > 1, and typically will have a green shield.
```

With Wasabi this can be achieved in a matter of hours (or minutes if there are a lot of users).
:::

:::details
### How many rounds should I CoinJoin?

There is no simple answer for this.

> If you want more anonymity you should CoinJoin multiple times and do many rounds as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want more anonymity you should CoinJoin multiple times.
```

With Wasabi this can be achieved in a matter of hours (or minutes if there are a lot of users).
:::

:::details

> ### How many rounds should I CoinJoin?

Reviewer: After reading the answer of this question I still don't know how many rounds should I CoinJoin.

> ### How many rounds should I CoinJoin?

Reviewer 2: this explains how many rounds happen, but not how many rounds the user should register in.

Author: Well, it depends on the desired anonimiy set right?
How can we explain that in a simple way?

Reviewer: There is no simple answer for this. If you want more anonymity you should CoinJoin more.

> There's a round at least once every two hours. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a round at least once every two hours.
```

If there are 100 peers registered earlier, then there can be many per hour.

> Wasabi automatically registers your UTXO for a new CoinJoin by following your desired anonimity set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi automatically registers your UTXO for a new CoinJoin by following your desired anonymity set.
```

> Remember that after a mix, Wasabi lowers the next round minimum denomination in such a way that if you remix you pay less or zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that after a mix, Wasabi lowers the next round minimum denomination to ensure that you can enqueue a coin and have it remix.
```
Wasabi lowers the next minimum denomination not to pay less fess so I think the next two lines should be removed.

However that only works when the network fees are low.
So, you should assume that will pay the coordinator for the new mix round too.
:::

:::details
### How can I select UTXOs for CoinJoin?

You need to go to `CoinJoin` tab and select your desired UTXO. It will be queued and registered for the next CoinJoin round.
:::

:::details
### How does my wallet communicate with the Wasabi coordinator server?

Wasabi communicates in many ways to the coordinator server.
First of all, Wasabi uses BIP-158 block filters to ensure network level privacy.

> You can follow these FAQs to have a full explanation on the theme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read these FAQs to have a full understanding on the theme:
```

- [What are BIP-158 Block Filters?](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#what-are-bip-158-block-filters)
- [What software supplies the block filters that Wasabi uses?](/FAQ/FAQ-Introduction.html#what-software-supplies-the-block-filters-that-wasabi-uses)
- [Can the coordinator attack me?](/FAQ/FAQ-Introduction.html#can-the-coordinator-attack-me)
- [Is the backend's coordinator code open source?](/FAQ/FAQ-Introduction.html#is-the-backend-s-coordinator-code-open-source)

Then, there are five different phases in a CoinJoin.
You can follow these links to have a full explanation on that:
1. [INPUT REGISTRATION PHASE](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#what-is-happening-in-the-input-registration-phase)
2. [CONNECTION CONFIRMATION PHASE](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#what-is-happening-in-the-connection-confirmation-phase)
3. [OUTPUT REGISTRATION PHASE](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#what-is-happening-in-the-output-registration-phase)
4. [SIGNING PHASE](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#what-is-happening-in-the-signing-phase)
5. [BROADCASTING PHASE](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#what-is-happening-in-the-broadcasting-phase)
:::

:::details

> ### What are Wasabi's mixing times?

Reviewer: This question is redundant.

With Wasabi this can be achieved in a matter of hours (or minutes if there are a lot of users).
:::

:::details
### How many rounds should I CoinJoin?

There's a round at least once every two hours.
If there are 100 peers registered earlier, then there can be many per hour.
Wasabi automatically registers your UTXO for a new CoinJoin by following your desired anonymity set.
Remember that after a mix, Wasabi lowers the next round minimum denomination to ensure that you can enqueue a coin and have it remix.
However that only works when the network fees are low.
So, you should assume that will pay the coordinator for the new mix round too.
:::

:::details
### How can I select UTXOs for CoinJoin?

You need to go to `CoinJoin` tab and select your desired UTXO by clicking the checkbox.
It will be queued and registered for the next CoinJoin round.
:::

:::details
### How does my wallet communicate with the Wasabi coordinator server?

> Wasabi communicates in many ways to the coordinator server, and it is always over the tor network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi communicates in many ways to the coordinator server, and it is always over the tor network.
```
